Certbot support using certbot nginx plugin (#136)
plone/ansible-playbook: docs/certbot.rst

Certbot options
```````````````

The certbot playbook
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As a convenience, the Plone Ansible Playbook kit includes a separate
playbook that will install certbot-nginx and create certificates as necessary for specified hostnames.

The certbot playbook currently only supports Debian-family target servers.

To use the certbot playbook, edit your ``local-configure.yml`` file to add a ``certbot_hosts`` list variable containing an entry for each hostname for which you wish to get a certbot certificate:

.. code-block:: yaml

   certbot_hosts:
     - one.mcsmith.org
     - two.mcsmith.org

Run the playbook as you would the main playbook, adding whatever command-line switches you need (like ``-k`` or ``-K``):

.. code-block:: console

    ansible-playbook -k certbot.yml

> This will first install ``python3-certbot-nginx`` from the certbot/certbot ppa.

Reviewer: What's "ppa"? Is there a link to it?

Author: Personal Package Archive; standard debian mechanism for maintaining an additional package source. In this case, it's certbot's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will first install ``python3-certbot-nginx`` from the certbot/certbot Personal Package Archive.
```

Then it will create certificates as necessary for each hostname in the ``certbot_hosts`` list.
If a certificate already exists, it will not attempt addition.

> Note that ``python3-certbot-nginx`` includes an auto-renewal cronjob.

Reviewer: I did not see this on my server in `/var/spool/cron/crontabs/` after running the playbook. Where is it located?

Author: /etc/cron.d/certbot

Reviewer: Got it.

```bash
SHELL=/bin/sh
PATH=/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/sbin:/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin

0 */12 * * * root test -x /usr/bin/certbot -a \! -d /run/systemd/system && perl -e 'sleep int(rand(43200))' && certbot -q renew
```

I note that the cron job does not include `--nginx` flag for `certbot -q renew`. I guess we will find out if it works for me on May 12 when my current cert is due to expire.

Reviewer: The auto-renew cronjob failed. See https://github.com/plone/ansible-playbook/pull/136#issuecomment-627234563

Webserver support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When the nginx role creates a configuration file for an virtual host, it will check ssl hostnames against the ``certbot_hosts`` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the nginx role creates a configuration file for a virtual host, it will check TLS hostnames against the ``certbot_hosts`` list.
```

If "ssl" is prefered, it should be fully capitalized.
